

UI CLASS LIBRARY


The UI classes are a Direct2D-based windowing environment that runs on the Windows 
operating system. It duplicates some of the same functionality that is found in
the Windows API, but does so without the overhead of a Windows HWND and without
using WndProcs.

We don't provide much functionality that you don't see elsewhere, and there is
a considerable amount of functionality provided by HWNDs that we don't have, but
a lot of that functionality is rarely used, and sometimes simplicity is good.
Some concepts are slightly different than the corresponding Win32 concept, and
there are also some higher-level abstractions.

Note that because this is built on Direct2D, all drawing happens into buffers
and it takes explicit code to render to the physical screen. That means you can
get smooth-looking redraw even with less-than-optimal updates. Direct2D is also
very fast, and we haven't gone to a huge effort to optimize the crap out of 
this.


UI CLASS

	The base class of the library is the UI class. A UI represents a 
	rectangular area on the screen. Any UI element can have child UIs, which 
	are completely contained within the bounds and owned by the parent UI. 
	This creates a tree of UI elements.

	DEFINING CLASSES
		
	CONSTRUCTORS and DESTRUCTORS

	POSITION

		The position of a UI element is defined by its bounding rectangle,
		relative to its owning parent, and its z-order in relationship to its 
		siblings. UI elements can be visible or not visible. If a parent
		UI is hidden, none of its child UIs will be drawn.
		
	LAYOUT

		Any UI that contains child UIs should implement a Layout system.
		The Layout code will be called automatically when UI items get
		re-positioned. 

	DRAWING
	
		Drawing is broken up into two phases: erasing, and drawing.

		coText, coBack
		pbrText, pbrBack

		Transparent UIs
		
	GRAPHICS PRIMITIVES

		There is a reasonable collection of drawing primitives available to
		a UI. 

		Rectangles
		Ellipses
		Text
		Bitmaps
		Geometries
		
	RESOURCES

	MOUSE INPUT

		Capture

		Hovering, enter, leave

	KEYBOARD INPUT

		Focus

	TIMERS

	COMMANDS

		User interface actions are triggered by various user-driven events. Choosing
		menus, clicking buttons, etc. There is a command dispatch system built into
		the UI that standardizes a large class of user interface actions. While
		some user interface actions do not translate well into an "execute command"
		type system, most can.
		

CONTROLS

	BUTTONS



PANELS

ATTACHING BASE UI TO A WINDOWS HWND